All right welcome back my students.
It's time for us to start creating our project.
All right.
So the first step is to create a new Larabee installation so go to your HD docs and less typing commands
.
Let's say composers create project and we get to do this one now preferred distro.
This is a new command is actually the same command issues reordered or I have if you remember we started
in the course we started with this idea almost right.
So it wasn't working for me after a while and then I have to switch it up all right.
It depends.
You know when you have the your composer you King all day you're a composer by doing the composer self
update like this helps yourself didn't like that.
All right.
So anyway just make sure before you update that you read the documentation because your is your stuff
start failing right.
So a composer create project.
And if you want to pause a video and go ahead and do this we're going to create a project is going to
be cold cold hacking.
I think that's a great name for a project where you think and I'm sorry for my manners or even ask you
if you were if you agree with a project name but if you want a different project name go ahead you know
name it whatever you want.
So anyway prefer distro and package and the vendor of the vendor and the package name and we'll get
the name called hacking.
All right cool and going to be version five point to nine.
And that's a current version that I'm using right now.
So even if I don't type this version I would get the same version right.
But you might be looking at this in the future and you might have a different version.
So if you want to do a full version that's OK.
But I would prefer you to do this version so that where we can be on the same page.
But I will keep updating the scores anyways.
All right cool.
So I'm going to click enter.
You see my computer super fast.
You saw that I'm just joking I posed to you guys.
All right.
So now that we have this let's go to our hold file right and let's do a pseudo E.T. see.
And holes actually we have to go Nan on this guy.
That's a good term isn't it.
We have to go national.
There we go.
And now let's go all the way to the bottom here and let's set it up.
Whoops.
Now I want to for I never change my server IP address code.
Hacking DV.
All right.
Now let's go to the virtual hose.
So suruh Nano.
And for me it's going to be applications were for you could be anything else right.
I mean if you own a Windows machine or linnets you know your path or applications camp and I believe
the CTC extra and
we go I suggest you get yourself some alias's guys.
All right.
I don't want to keep doing alias's because I don't know if you guys have set it up.
I want to be in the same page as you.
So if I do alias's and you have him being able to do it you're going to get lost because they're going
to do it pretty fast.
All right so called hacking.
All right.
And
cool hacking.
All right I think I got it right correct this time.
And let's go to our ZAHM.
We can find it if I can find the one of my monitors here right here.
Let's just restart it
and just restart it let's go and check it out real quick.
Code hacking.
Now if you're wondering why I chose that name Murphies working.
It's just because you know it's about time that we change the names of our projects right we have some
really you know passive names like CMOS or e-commerce.
Let's just name it called hacking issues create a site where people can post their stuff and we can
just help each other out right.
I don't already checked.
Cole How can dot com is not available guys or I just read that maybe cold hacking that something else
is available but this one has not arrived but just in case.
If you wanted to just know that why I named this light this is just because I want to make this a little
bit more exciting.
All right.
But anyway thank you so much for watching.
Let's go to the next lecture